---
layout: post
title: Natural History Museum online exhibit - Botanical art and illustrations from HMS Endeavour
---

## Background
The exhibit displays the botanical drawings and engravings of the _first voyage of James Cook_. The voyage was a commissioned expedition to the South Pacific Ocean from 1768 to 1771. Aboard HMS Endeavour, the voyage departed from Plymouth Dockyard, crossed the Atlantic, rounded Cape Horn, covering New Zealand, east coast of Australia and many other islands(see [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_voyage_of_James_Cook)). 

## Layout and Functionality
Both the top and the bottom of the webpage give information about the Natural History Museum, with many more categories for visitors to explore. At the top of the content section, there is an **explanation of the exhibit** following a banner image of one of the artwork. Below the explanation is a **sentence with hyperlink**, offering choices to view by location, by artist or to view all the pieces. 

The main part of the page is divided into three sections, titled "Explore by location","Explore by artist" and "Explore by engraver", each with a few categories under its correspondent division. **Categories are made into blocks**, with a picture at the top, category name at the middle in the form of hyperlink, and a brief description at the bottom.

A click on any category will redirect the visitor to a **result page**, whose main part consists of all the pictures under that category, all with names underneath. A **filter list** is fixed on the top left side, providing more detailed category choices. The selected categories will be immediately shown on the top left corner, with the number of results shown. Visitors can adjust results per page or jump to a different page both at the top and bottom of the page.

By clicking a picture, the visitor will be taken to a **information page**, with the picture on the right and the name and a colomn of information of the lest. Another click on the picture can promt a **zoomed-in picture** to pop up. Some imformation on the left can be clicked on; for example, if the visitor clicks on "Family", he would be redirected to a new **result page** of pictures of plants of the same family.

## User Experience
In general, the page is easy to use. The all-picture result page makes viewing experience pleasing, while the information page that popped up after clicking
a selected picture fulfills the educational purpose. There are multiple ways for the visitor to comodify the results he wishes to see, which is very flexible but can also cause inconvenience at the same time, as some categories are not included in the filter list and can only be accessed through certain page.  



